    What is the purpose of this application?
    Task Manager

    What commands or actions does it support?
    add, list, complete, delete, exit

    Where does it store its data?
    In the json file tasks.json

    What was the hardest part of understanding this project?
    The hardest part of understanding this project was using the git commands. 
    As you know we have not done this often and are trying to work out most 
    of the commands while using the cheat sheet. I also had trouble with getting
    the lab from github into VS Code beacuse I could't remember much about getting
    started. However, it came back to me as I was looking online. Otehr than that
    I felt the assignment was self exaplanotory, especially with the directions.

    What change was easiest to make?
    The easiest change to make was definetly the output message. I simply went
    and changed the words in the print. Compared to the priority change, this was
    far easier. 

    What change took the most testing or debugging?
    The priority change took the most testing. I had to upodate the structure
    of the task in order to add priority levels, whether they were low, medium 
    or high. At first I thought I could just add priority to the add task and
    run the program but I got an error. I realized I needed to update the command
    itself within the main fucntion in order to call for the fucntion. After the
    debugging and testing I finally got it to work and continued with the rest of
    the assignment.

    How did GitHub help you manage your work today?
    GitHub is very easy to work with once you are able to recognize the git
    commands. It helped me stay organized and is very safe to use. I am able
    to work on this program and save it while the main branch remains the same.
    This adds a safety feature and ensures that the entire program is not broken.
    The commands like git add, git status, and git commit are very easy to use
    and help keep me organized.

    If you had more time, what would you improve next?
    Given more time on this lab I would have added an edit feature for the task.
    I know that I personally have troubles writing down exactly what I need to
    do sometimes and would like to be able to change it easily. I also realize
    that people could split up the task into parts if they wanted to edit it
    in this way. Another feature I would add is a re-order function. The
    priority function is a great help but it does not change the task order.
    Peoples priorities change all the time and would maybe reorder based on 
    time or priorities. Overall, this assignment was very enjoyable and I am glad
    it worked on my home PC.